+===============+==========================+=============+
| Flash EmuWare | Tecmo Super Bowl Manager | Version 1.2 |
+===============+==========================+=============+

- http://www.aeroinc.net/matthew | flash-99@rocketmail.com -


What Does It Do?
----------------
  Tecmo Super Bowl Manager (TSBM) allows you to open the NES game of
Tecmo Super Bowl and edit the information.  This version allows you to
edit the following data:

  o Team Names.   both the city and nickname
  o Team Colors.  from a palette of 64 colors
  o Team Playbooks.  each play has a set of 8 plays for a total of 64
  o Team Starters.  change the default KR/PR
  o Team Schedules.  
  o Player Names.  both the last and first name
  o Player Attributes.  speed, reception, passing accuracy, etc.
  o ProBowl Rosters.

TSBM also allows you to view and print the league leaders (by 
attributes).

How Does It Work?
-----------------
  TSBM is simply a piece of software that can open up the ROM image
of Tecmo Super Bowl and retrieve useful information from it.  It then
allows the user to edit the data to his own liking.  Some people use
it just to give QB Bills, QB Browns, and QB Eagles meaningful names.
Others use it to update the rosters to the current rosters.  If you
are familiar with 'Emulation', then you will have no problem under-
standing what TSBM does.  If you are not fluent with 'Emulation,' then
I recommend that you do some research on it yourself.  No member of 
Flash EmuWare will respond to general (yes, stupid) questions on a 
such broad topic as 'Emulation.' A good starting place for the 
bewildered person is http://www.classicgaming.com.

Who Can Use It?
---------------
  Anyone who has legal authority.

How Do You Use It?
------------------
  Run it.  Open your ROM.  The menu [DATA] allows you to view and edit
the data.  It is rather self-explanatory.  Please make back-ups before
you save any data.  Also, do not change the file behind TSBM's back.
(i.e. don't rename the file you are working on.)  Make sure you save
your data before leaving.

Who Made It?
------------
The Devoloping Team consisted of the following people:
  Matthew Leverton:  the programmer
  The MadHacker:     the genius with all the information behind the ROM
  SixMan:            the beta tester

The Terms of Use
----------------
  By using this software, you agree not to blame any member of the 
developing team for any damage that is done. Please, if you use this 
software, EMAIL me and let me know.  Without support, there will be no
Flash EmuWare products.

Distributing
------------
  Instead of posting TSBM on your site, I would rather you link to the
Flash EmuWare site [http://www.aeroinc.net/matthew].  Please email me
if you link to my page.  The more support, the more Flash EmuWare
products there will be. Whatever you do, DON'T include any ROMs with
any Flash EmuWare products. 

History
-------
 o Version 1.2 || Friday, Setpember 11, 1998	 -= PUBLIC RELEASE =-
	The following were added:
	 * Bitmap images of all player photos
	 * Bug fix in saving player photo data

 o Version 1.1 || Tuesday, September 1, 1998
	The following were added:
	 * AFC & NFC Probowl rosters can be changed
	 * The close-up animated gameplay scenes show the correct
	   palette color.

 o Version 1.0 || Tuesday, August 4, 1998	 -= PUBLIC RELEASE =-
	Original release.

_______________________________________________________________________
=======================================================================
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"the road of life continues. have fun"
			- The Flash, 1998